The FLYWEIGHT PATTERN:

Flyweight method is a Structural Design Pattern that focus on minimizing the number of objects that are required by the
program at the run-time. Basically, it creates a Flyweight object which is shared by multiple contexts. It is created in
such a fashion that you can not distinguish between an object and a Flyweight Object. One important feature of flyweight
objects is that they are immutable. This means that they cannot be modified once they have been constructed.

To implement the Flyweight method in Python, we use Dictionary that stores reference to the object which have already been
created, every object is associated with a key.


Advantages:

Reduced use of RAM: when we have a lot of similar objects present in our application, it's always better to use Flyweight
method inorder to save a lot of space in RAM
Improved Data Caching: When the need of client or user is High response time, it is always preferred to use Flyweight method because it helps in improving the Data Caching.
Improved performance: It ultimately leads to improve in performance because we are using fewer numbers of heavy objects.


Disadvantages:

Breaking Encapsulation: Whenever we try to move the state outside the object, we do breaking of encapsulation and may become less efficient than keeping the state inside the object.

Hard to handle: Usage of Flyweight method depends upon the language we use, easy to use in language like Python, Java where
all object variables are references but typical to use in language like C, C++ where objects can be allocated as local
variables on the stack and destroyed as a result of programmer action.

Complicated Code: Using Flyweight method always increases the complexity of the code to understand for the new developers.



Applicability:

To Reduce the number of Objects: Generally, Flyweight method is used when our application has a lot of heavy weight objects,
to solve this problem we use Flyweight method to get rid of unnecessary memory consumption.
Object independent Applications: When our application if independent of the object created, then we can make use of this method inorder to save lot of machine space.
Project Cost Reduction: When it is required to reduce the cost of project in terms of space and time complexity, it is always preferred to use the Flyweight method.